# FetchRewardsCodingExercise

Application displays an organized list with items grouped by ordered listIds. In the view model inside a coroutine the data is received from the API in the form of the Name class. The null and empty string names are filtered out and then a new variable groups the data into a HashMap with the listIds being the keys. A new presented list variable is established. the Grouped Map is looped through and the key is set to be a ListItem type which has an ID. This ListItem inherits from LineItemObject that is getting the data ready to be presented in a list. This id that can be accessed as text from a getter as well as a method that is called isTitle that returns true since we're treating it as a Title in the display of the application. Every value from the map conforms to the Name class which also inherits from LineItemObject and sets it's title boolean to False and it's string name value to the .name of the JSON object. The values of the keys in the map are sorted by name and then passed into the list of LineItemObjects following the key ListItem object. This data is observed in the main Activity where a recyclerview adapter is established and passed in the data. The adapter simply checks if a LineItemObject is a title or not and if it is it presents to be much larger and bold, otherwise the textview items are much smaller and not bold.

The application uses Retrofit2 in NameRetriver to build out the base API url and following the expected return value from the NetworkInterface for getNames is able to respectively assign the values to the Name object.
